Dg testing instructions (#224)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

1. Initial launch

   i. Download the jar file and copy into an empty folder

   ii. Double-click the jar file Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample orders and items. 
   The window automatically expands to occupy the entire screen.

### Listing all orders

1. Listing all orders after calling `findo`

>   * Prerequisites: List all orders using the `listo` command. There are already multiple existing orders.
>     Of these orders, there exist 2 orders made by customers with `Chan` in their names.
>   * Before testing, enter `findo n/Chan`<br/>
>     Expected: Order list displays 2 orders by customers with `Chan` in their name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Prerequisites: There exist 2 orders made by customers with `Chan` in their names. Enter `findo n/Chan` <br/>
     Expected: Order list displays 2 orders by customers with `Chan` in their name.
```

I feel that the before testing part can come under prerequisites for testing

1. Initial launch

   i. Download the jar file and copy into an empty folder

   ii. Double-click the jar file Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample orders and items. 
   The window automatically expands to occupy the entire screen.

### Listing all orders

1. Listing all orders after calling `findo`
  * Prerequisites: List all orders using the `listo` command. There are already multiple existing orders.
    Of these orders, there exist 2 orders made by customers with `Chan` in their names. Before testing, enter `findo n/Chan`<br/>
    Expected: Order list displays 2 orders by customers with `Chan` in their name.
  * Test case: Enter `listo` into the command box.<br/>
    Expected: ALl orders listed in the order list.

>   * Alternative negative test case: Enter `listO` into the command box.<br/>

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to standardize this part
```suggestion
  * Other incorrect `listo` commands to try: Enter `listO` into the command box.<br/>
  Expected: Similar to previous.
```
